Hi, today I'm going to walk you through how to get registered for your Connect Math
hosted by Alex course. Go to connectmath.com and right here in the middle, click the Sign Up
Now link. Next, you'll need to enter the 10-character class code provided by your instructor.
Confirm that the information displayed on this screen matches the course that you're trying
to enroll in. If it doesn't, you'll need to click cancel and check your class code again.
If everything looks good, go ahead and click confirm to enroll in this course.
Now you'll need to indicate whether or not you've used Connect Math before. If you have,
enter your login name and password here. If you can't remember, just use the I forgot
my information link. I'm going to continue as a student who has not used Connect Math before.
Here, I'll enter my information as well as a valid email address that I have access to.
I don't need to enter a student ID because Connect Mac will assign one for me.
Agree to the terms and click Continue.
connect math has assigned for me I can change this later in my account if I like to
Lastly, we either need to apply access that we've already purchased or complete a purchase
here.
I'm going to enter an access code.
But again, if you haven't purchased yet, you can do so directly through the ConnectMath website
by using the I Need to Purchase an Access Code link.
Here, I see when my access to this course will expire, and once I click confirm, I'm
officially enrolled.
I'm taken to the My Classes page, where I can manage any and all classes that I have in
my Connect Math account.
Using this light bulb up here, I can toggle these tips on and off.
Here you see the course that I just enrolled in.
I can flip this tile over using more details to see all of the details for the course,
or use this 3.
menu to take action needed.
In order to continue to the course, just click on the title.
You can return to the Manage My Classes page at any time to make changes you need to by using
the Manage My Classes link up here in the top right corner.
I wish you the best of luck this semester using Connect Math hosted by Alex.
Thanks for watching.